Update README to add Plus Sandbox as a valid store (#73)
Shopify/shopify-app-template-ruby: README.md

### Requirements

1. You must [create a Shopify partner account](https://partners.shopify.com/signup) if you don’t have one.

> 1. You must [create a development store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/development-stores#create-a-development-store) or [Shopify Plus sandbox](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/managing-stores/plus-sandbox-store) store if you don’t have one.

Author: ```suggestion
1. You must create a store for testing if you don't have one, either a [development store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/development-stores#create-a-development-store) or a [Shopify Plus sandbox store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/managing-stores/plus-sandbox-store).
```
